README.md, before:

# MERN Subscription

## Purpose:

To create a MERN stack single-page application.

## Description:

We created an application that sells cookies through a subscription. 

## Built with:
* Apollo
* Express
* MongoDB
* Node
* jsonwebtoken
* graphql
* Material UI
* React Hook Forms

## Set up:
After cloning the repository, run npm install from the root directory to install npm packages. Then run npm run build to start up the server side and client side concurrently.

## Website:
https://glacial-anchorage-99697.herokuapp.com/

## GitHub Repo:
https://github.com/Boywondr84/mern-subscription

## Screenshots:
<img src="screenshots\AboutUs.png" />
<img src="screenshots\ContactPage.png" />
<img src="screenshots\CookiesWithModal.png" />
<img src="screenshots\CookiesWithNestedModal.png" />
<img src="screenshots\Login.png" />
<img src="screenshots\Order.png" />
<img src="screenshots\SignUp.png" />

## Contributions:
Made with ❤️ by Cy Howard, Camille Howe, Ryan Kahlbaugh, Sarah Nguyen, Eric Schweitzer

&copy; 


<!-- this was taken out of client package.json it was after scripts  -->

  <!-- "eslintConfig": {
    "extends": [
      "react-app",
      "react-app/jest"
    ]
  }, -->

Commit message:

deployed static site to gh-pages. added screen castify video demonstrating signup & login functionality

README.md, after:

# MERN Subscription

## Purpose:

To create a MERN stack single-page application.

## Description:

We created an application that sells cookies through a subscription. 

## Built with:
* Apollo
* Express
* MongoDB
* Node
* jsonwebtoken
* graphql
* Material UI
* React Hook Forms

## Set up:
After cloning the repository, run npm install from the root directory to install npm packages. Then run npm run build to start up the server side and client side concurrently.

## Website:
https://boywondr84.github.io/mern-subscription/

NOTE: Deployed using gh-pages. Signup / Login functionality will not work here, but below is a video showing it does in fact, work properly.

## Video: Signup & Login
https://watch.screencastify.com/v/HN2msigntv5UYYxE2QVl

## GitHub Repo:
https://github.com/Boywondr84/mern-subscription

## Screenshots:
<img src="screenshots\AboutUs.png" />
<img src="screenshots\ContactPage.png" />
<img src="screenshots\CookiesWithModal.png" />
<img src="screenshots\CookiesWithNestedModal.png" />
<img src="screenshots\Login.png" />
<img src="screenshots\Order.png" />
<img src="screenshots\SignUp.png" />

## Contributions:
Made with ❤️ by Cy Howard, Camille Howe, Ryan Kahlbaugh, Sarah Nguyen, Eric Schweitzer

&copy; 


<!-- this was taken out of client package.json it was after scripts  -->

  <!-- "eslintConfig": {
    "extends": [
      "react-app",
      "react-app/jest"
    ]
  }, -->
